feat: add rerun_workflow tool (#66)
CircleCI-Public/mcp-server-circleci: README.md

  - Quickly running pipelines without visiting the CircleCI web UI
  - Running pipelines from a specific branch

- `rerun_workflow`

>   Reruns a workflow from its start or point of failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Reruns a workflow from the failed job.
```

Reviewer 2: Addressed in follow up commit [here](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/mcp-server-circleci/pull/66/commits/05e6dfa320d7517bee5a9204818aa28d498fad59).

  The tool returns the ID of the newly-created workflow, and a link to monitor the new workflow.

  This is particularly useful for:

>   - Quickly rerunning a workflow from its start or from the point it failed without visiting the CircleCI web UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Quickly rerunning a workflow from its start or from the failed job without visiting the CircleCI web UI
```

Reviewer 2: Addressed in follow up commit [here](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/mcp-server-circleci/pull/66/commits/05e6dfa320d7517bee5a9204818aa28d498fad59).
